Adjustments and reworking some layouts (#213)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/assemblies/assembly_completing-the-stf-configuration.adoc

:context: assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration

[role="_abstract"]
For collection of metrics, events, or both, and to send them to the {Project} ({ProjectShort}) storage domain, you must configure the {OpenStack} overcloud to enable data collection and transport.

{ProjectShort} can support both single and multiple clouds, with the default configuration in {OpenStack} and {ProjectShort} set up for a single cloud installation. For a single {OpenStack} overcloud deployment with default configuration, see xref:configuring-red-hat-openstack-platform-overcloud-for-stf_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].

To plan your {OpenStack} installation and configuration {ProjectShort} for multiple clouds, see xref:configuring-multiple-clouds_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].

> As part of an {OpenStack} overcloud deployment some additional configuration may be required for your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of an {OpenStack} overcloud deployment, you might need to configure additional features in your environment:
```

Reviewer: Slight rewording to remove the word "may" and to use active voice. Also this is now a lead-in sentence to a bulleted list. 
Not sure if the word "features" is correct here though @leifmadsen

> To deploy data collection and transport to {ProjectShort} on {OpenStack} cloud nodes that employ routed L3 domains, such as distributed compute node (DCN) or spine-leaf, see xref:deploying-to-non-standard-network-topologies_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To deploy data collection and transport to {ProjectShort} on {OpenStack} cloud nodes that employ routed L3 domains, such as distributed compute node (DCN) or spine-leaf, see xref:deploying-to-non-standard-network-topologies_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].
```

> To send metrics to both Gnocchi and {ProjectShort}, see xref:sending-metrics-to-gnocchi-and-to-stf_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To send metrics to both Gnocchi and {ProjectShort}, see xref:sending-metrics-to-gnocchi-and-to-stf_assembly-completing-the-stf-configuration[].
```
